---
layout: post
title: "Meeting on October 17"
date: 2024-10-18 12:22:48 +0000
published: true
github_comments_issueid: "48"
tags:
---

# Overview

The group met on zoom.  Six people attended.

# Topics of Discussion

* identity management systems: [LDAP](https://ldap.com/)/[LLDAP](https://github.com/lldap/lldap)/[freeipa](https://www.freeipa.org/)/[keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/)
* Linux permissions: user/group/other , umask
* project reqruiements : fileserver? wireguard? 
* [certmanager](https://cert-manager.io/)
* [carp (common access redundancy protocol )](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Address_Redundancy_Protocol)
* [haproxy](https://www.haproxy.org/)
* [ceph](https://ceph.com/en/)/[dockerSwarm](https://docs.docker.com/engine/swarm/) as easier alternative to kubernetes
* [rook](https://rook.io/)
* email: [lmtp](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_Mail_Transfer_Protocol), [dovecot](https://www.dovecot.org/), [postfix](https://www.postfix.org/)
* [pi-hole](https://pi-hole.net/)


